Updated the code snippets in the plotting section and also added doctests to verify expected behaviour (#41626)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/tutorials/python_in_mantid/plotting/02_scripting_plots.rst

Reviewer: The referred matplotlib docs version is outdated. Can you please update it to https://matplotlib.org/3.10.9/index.html to match the currently linked version.

Reviewer: The links for `Matplotlib Gallery` and [Matplotlib Keyboard Shortcuts](https://docs.mantidproject.org/nightly/tutorials/python_in_mantid/plotting/02_scripting_plots.html#:~:text=Matplotlib%20Keyboard%20Shortcuts) are also outdated. It would be better if you could update them as well.

> Alternatively, you can set a title or label to have certain `font properties <https://matplotlib.org/3.1.1/api/text_api.html#matplotlib.text.Text>`_:

Reviewer 2: Should this also link to 3.10.9?
```suggestion
Alternatively, you can set a title or label to have certain `font properties <https://matplotlib.org/3.10.9/api/text_api.html#matplotlib.text.Text>`_:
```

Create a `tiled plot <https://matplotlib.org/devdocs/gallery/subplots_axes_and_figures/subplots_demo.html>`_ (subplot)

> .. testcode:: MantidPlottingExample

Reviewer: Since the test under `Subplots and Inset plots` section is for a different figure, it would be better if this test can be given a different name to avoid confusion or dependencies  in the longer run. But the cost is, it needs to load the data again and cleanup at the end of both tests.

Author: I am going to recommend that we leave it like this for now because I think that this section is better because it does not have a lot of print statements compared to plot scripting. If I break up this section into a separate doc test, then for consistency, it would require breaking the other sections as well and it will start to look very messy.

Reviewer: For consistency, which other sections do you think would need to be split into separate tests? I've looked through all the other .rst documents that use `.. testcode::`, and there are only a few instances where the same test name is reused repeatedly (for example, [PowderDiffractionCalibration.rst](https://github.com/mantidproject/mantid/blob/main/docs/source/concepts/calibration/PowderDiffractionCalibration.rst?plain=1#L132)). 

`MantidPlottingExample` would then become the test with the highest number of repetitions. Therefore, in terms of messiness, I think the opposite would actually be true.

Author: I meant that there are other sections (i.e. Plotting with Errorbars, Tick Marks and Grid lines, Fonts) in the same document file that will still have interdependencies. Would you want me to separate out those tests as well ? I just meant that it would be better to do the same for all the sections. But it might become messy because of that.

Reviewer: No. The original concern raised in the first comment was whether to reuse the same test name for the new figure introduced under the `Subplots and Inset Plots` section. 

Up to that point, the code blocks sharing the same test name were progressively building on the same figure, much like a tutorial, so they need to remain under the same test name because, during test execution, all code blocks with the same test name are appended together in sequence and executed as a single test. 

I think its better to make the test under `Subplots and Inset Plots` section to a different one by giving it a different name since the figure being tested has changed.

    multi_fig, multi_axes = plt.subplots(ncols=2, nrows=2, subplot_kw={'projection': 'mantid'})
    # You've created 2x2 arrangement of plots, now plot in them:
    multi_axes[0][0].plot(ws, specNum=1)
    multi_axes[0][1].plot(ws, specNum=2)
    multi_axes[1][0].plot(ws, specNum=3)
    multi_axes[1][1].plot(ws, specNum=5)
    #for subplots it is useful to include the following line
    plt.tight_layout()

> Add an `inset plot using the mantid projection <https://matplotlib.org/3.2.1/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.figure.Figure.html?highlight=add_axes#matplotlib.figure.Figure.add_axes>`_ (`without it <https://matplotlib.org/3.1.1/api/_as_gen/mpl_toolkits.axes_grid1.inset_locator.inset_axes.html>`_ ):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add an `inset plot using the mantid projection <https://matplotlib.org/3.10.9/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.figure.Figure.add_axes.html>`_ (`without it <https://matplotlib.org/3.10.9/api/_as_gen/mpl_toolkits.axes_grid1.inset_locator.inset_axes.html>`_ ):
```
The links referred here are outof date. I think its better to update them as well.

* :ref:`plotting`
* :ref:`06_formatting_plots`

> * `Matplotlib Keyboard Shortcuts <https://matplotlib.org/stable/users/explain/figure/interactive.html#navigation-keyboard-shortcuts>`_

Reviewer 2: I think we should be linking to the `3.10.9` docs in all places or the `stable` docs in all places.

Author: This link is defined like this in other parts of the documentation. I tried to find a release specific link but could not and that is why I chose to do it as consistently as possible with the other links.
<img width="907" height="446" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/60e64772-9f85-4f62-9a9c-93c25c063daa" />
